        PALETTI SHARED SOURCE LICENSE
        Version 1.0, 31 July 2022

Copyright (c) 2022-2024 Eroica <https://paletti.app>

Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this
license document, but changing it is not allowed.

        TERMS AND CONDITIONS

0. Definitions.

"This license" refers to version 1.0 of Paletti Shared Source License.

"The program", "the source", "the source code", "these files",
"this file" refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
license.

"You" refers to the licensee. The licensee could be a person or an
organisation.

"Personal use" refers to usage by, only and only, the licensee, and not
by any other person or organisation related in any way to the licensee.

1. Usage

You are free to download, copy, compile, study, and refer to the source
code for any personal use of yours.

Usage by you of any work covered by this license should not, directly or
indirectly, enable its usage by any other individual or organisation.

2. Modifications

You are free to make any modifications to the source covered by this
license. You are also free to compile the source after modifying it and
using the compiled product obtained thereafter in compliance with this
license.

3. Redistribution

You may NOT under any circumstance copy, redistribute and/or republish
the source or a work based on it (which includes binary or object code
compiled from it) in part or whole.

4. Non-compliance

You may not copy, modify, sublicense, or distribute the Program except
as expressly provided under this license. Any attempt otherwise to
copy, modify, sublicense or distribute the Program is void, and will
automatically terminate your rights under this license.

5. Acceptance of License

You are not required to accept this license, since you have not signed
it. However, nothing else grants you permission to modify or use the
source. These actions are prohibited by law if you do not accept this
license. Therefore, by modifying or using the source (or any work based
on the source), you indicate your acceptance of this license to do so,
and all its terms and conditions for copying, redistributing or
modifying the source or works based on it.

6. Permissions

If you intend to incorporate the source code, in part or whole, into any
free or proprietary program, you need to explicitly write to the
original author(s) to ask for permission.

7. No Warranty

The source code licensed under this license is shared "as is". Since it
is intended for sharing as reference, there is no warranty, of either
the source code, or the program compiled from it. The entire risk of
quality or performance of the program is with you.

THE ORIGINAL AUTHOR OF THE PROGRAM IS NOT LIABLE TO YOU FOR DAMAGES,
INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE PROGRAM (INCLUDING BUT
NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED INACCURATE OR LOSSES
SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE PROGRAM TO
OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS).

        END OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS
